# Korgi

Korgi is a tool that converts input from a MIDI device into UDP packets. 

## Compatibility

Korgi is designed for and tested with KORG nanoKONTROL2 - hence the name. 

The UDP packets generated by korgi are compatible with [Q2PRO](https://github.com/skullernet/q2pro) remote console protocol, but can be easily extended to support something else.

## Configuration

Korgi reads its configuration from a plain text file, by default `korgi.conf` in the current directory. An alternative file name can be specified as the only supported parameter on the command line.

The configuration file is expected to contain a single directive per line. Empty lines are ignored, comments start with the # symbol. In most cases, double quoted strings are allowed.

Available directives:

`connect <address> [port]`: specifies the IP address and UDP port to send the packets to. Default settings are 127.0.0.1 and 27910.

`password <password>`: specifies the remote console password for Q2PRO. Required.

`device <id>`: specifies the MIDI device ID to use, starting at 0 (on Windows).

`device_name <name>`: specifies the MIDI device name (on Linux).

`device_map <name>`: specifies the mapping from control names to MIDI channels. Currently, only one mapping is supported, for the `nanoKONTROL2` device. Without a mapping, you can specify controls by their channel index.

`button <id> <command...>`: maps a button to the specified console command, which is issued when the button is pressed. There is no action on button release. The console command is specified without quotes; spaces are allowed.

`knob|slider <id> <variable> <min> <max>`: maps a knob or slider to the specified variable name and range. There is no difference between a "knob" and a "slider" on the MIDI side, the different names are provided for convenience.
